hello friends I'm paco 9999 in my second
video about you play swell of
legends or in Spanish league of legends
League of Legends was released on 27
October 2009 by the river company
game of being a mere stranger to
become the most played game
world we can not think of a better
argument that justifies returning to
enter today on the map of the
geof legends to reanalyze now with
greater perspective on what really
we are dealing with the biggest phenomenon
videojueguil of the moment for platform
some released as a simple clone
evolved the veteran mode will cap
warcraft 3 a little over three years ago
riot has not left for those who are not
ever played a mob to the goal is
simple we incarnate a champion who with
the help of four other controlled by
colleagues is part of a team that
will fight against five opponents with the
sole purpose of destroying its main base
while the opposing team tries to
end with ours to that simple
equation obviously lacks variables
and nuances that enrich the experience
of game
the map where the
games is symmetrical for one and the other
team and is composed of three paths
main top midi board that connect
one basis with the other and in which
we develop our champion based
kill opponents of rival team towers
of defense that make our
advance towards the enemy base and you can
it seems surprising that such a concept
simple may have become the
phenomenon that is today and the reason is
that behind that simple formula is
hides much more existing more than 100
different champions all different
each other and taking into account that each
champion has its own
characteristics skills and role within
of the battlefield the possibilities
in a competitive online scenario are
almost endless all stand out in a
certain function and lack of
potential in another and that's where it comes in
team play with the rest of
companions
there are suitable champions for the
hand-to-hand combat specialists in
the use of magic experts in the murder
or resistant to damage but none of
they are enough
self-sufficient is worth the redundancy as
to not need the virtues
his companions entered the bases
that define the axis of legends and the rest
to move to as such it's time to
go into detail what difference to
river play the rest and it's in that
responsibility on the part of each
player to lead the battle of good
term where they rise from wall from which
We were talking to you earlier because the failure of
One directly affects the rest of the
first games with a fashion are usually
frustrating and that's why at
develop the legends from the
base established in dota riot decided
adapt some of its mechanics to
that the learning curve was more
soft and definitely offer a
gaming experience much more accessible
so riot ended up with no power
kill our own minions for
that the rival team does not obtain gold or
experience with the loss of gold to
die with them are attenuated thanks to
those changes the first steps in the
legends are much more bearable
inviting the uninitiated to follow
Experiencing learning and improving
the only problem derived from these
changes as you can imagine is the
reduction of depth and
complexity
level by leaving him of legends as a
much more direct and a priori proposal
without complications that of the rest
In turn, youth implemented a system of
progression alien to the games themselves in
the one that the players are going up from
level up to 30 as you participate in
online games and therefore at the time
of searching for public games are organized
groups of similar level lol is a game
absorbent that takes away too much time I know
which is a recurring theme in many
online multiplayer games but in this
case I would like to highlight one aspect
concrete lol aside from being addictive
it involves large investments of time in
each game play a normal game
it takes an average of 40 minutes a time
in which you can not leave the game
neither totally nor almost momentarily because
you harm your team and if you do
expose to bans and not be able to play more
in other words it is not a game that
you can leave when you want
the lol itself conditions your time of
game to a certain extent is a game of
elite or rather elitist hundreds of
games
in which players brand as nova
to others for small failures or
simply for not being as good as
them or even by just starting to
play recently instead of being a
little sympathetic or help them or
advise them this kind of people be the
He's fucking around the game as soon as
have an error and do not get off of asshole
in my case, a lot of
times and instead of helping you get up on
they leave more but in the end you do not have to
keep playing all to hell in
conclusion is a great game you will have fun
a lot although it can be a little
frustrating at first but after
a few days you will try to be the
better believe me it happened to me like this I saw my
carnal playing and telling him that you see him
that fucking game and he told me he 's sorry
and I really played it and believe me I do not know
will regret I try to be the best
but they always kick my ass when
more you enjoy is when you touch the
novices or better known as no
giveaways of xdddd is super
funny because you can only kill
all xd xd xd i 'll say in the non-league of
legends there are several types of murders
double murder
he is innate triple quadruple murder and
pp ppp
xd xd xd which is when you kill five
enemies you alone good mini that is paco
69 and my carnal who is a pro is
ion and darko good i say goodbye friends
waiting for you to watch my video and if not
It's worth a quarter of a jong until the
next and soon I'll upload more videos if it's
who came to comment tell me how to
what game would you like to speak good
your friend paco 9999 goodbye chaíto and
until next time
postdata I leave you a murder '
quintuple so that they see now yes chao